# GLATAR App

This is a Shiny App that interfaces with the GLATAR database to provide
a seamless and rich interface with the GLATAR database.

This app has the ability to upload (i.e., if you are a contributing
member), map, view raw data (i.e., if you are a contributing member),
view summarised data, and view scatter plots of the raw data and can be
found at [glatar.org](https://glatar.org/).

The repository contains the Shiny App built as a package (i.e,
[{glatar}](https://benjaminhlina.github.io/glatar-app/)) which is
checked by R CMD Check. A [pkgdown
website](https://benjaminhlina.github.io/glatar-app/) is produced to
assist in documentation of the app. Once the package has built, it
triggers a GitHub Action (GHA) that builds a docker container that
installs the package and copies the `app.R` file which shiny-server will
run. This docker container is registred on GitHub Container Registery
(GHCR). Once complete another GHA is triggered which uses docker
composer to deploy the shiny app, nginx container and certbot container
on to a Digital Ocean’s Droplet. Lastly, once that GHA is complete a GHA
checks if the app returns a `200` status and if the logs run to confirm
the app has been deployed properly.

This app has used LLMs as a tool to assist in development, however, any
code that has been generated by LLMs has been meticulously screened,
edited and redeveloped.

# Contribution and Issue Policy

This repository will not be accepting LLM submitted PRs nor PRs that
contain directly copy and pasted code from LLMs that has not be vetted
and edited.

If you would like to contribute please feel free to fork the repository,
create a branch, implement your changes and submit a PR for review.

Issues that are submitted by LLMs and/or copied and pasted from LLMs
will be deleted and ignored, as the issuer needs to have the ability to
be able to write their own issues.
